okay this is just a real
raishin this is a flame retention
burner and the gun line where the nozzle
fits has been set too far back now if
you look you'll see all this crap here
all around here give that much longer
you would have plugged this thing up
what was happening is the oil was
impinging upon this head probably caused
some soot formation or maybe some
unburned fuel something like that maybe
the reason this thing was taken out I'm
going to get the gauge to show where it
should be and I'll show you how far off
it was okay Beckett makes this little
funky tool t5o one thing it's good for a
whole bunch of stuff but one of the
things it's good for is determining the
depth of nozzle should be the gun line
should be or the gun should be you put
it in there like that
and we'll see if I get close enough here
okay it looks like it's about it's
actually a little lot farther than it
looks but it's about 3/16 of an inch
away
it looks closer than that but it really
isn't and it's too far back and I'll
show you how we can adjust that thing to
get it right
if you find that the adjustment on the
the depth of that gun is incorrect this
is an adjustment right here that you can
use to to move this back and forth you
just loosen this and looseness now this
one here also has another one right
there
this one's blanked off on this burner
but it's another one sometimes they look
just like that but you loosen that and
you loosen the thumb wheel and you can
move it back and forth
now obviously the burner is going to
have to be out of the furnace to do any
of this stuff you pretty much can't get
in there on most of them to check this
and that's a judgement of a gun assembly
on the flame retention burner